clarify docker instructions (#9320)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/installingLocal.md

- Run PrairieLearn with:

  ```sh

>   docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 -w /PrairieLearn -v .:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /bin/bash

Reviewer: Rather than assuming people end up in the correct directory, let's explicitly tell them to:

```suggestion
  cd PrairieLearn
  docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 -w /PrairieLearn -v .:/PrairieLearn prairielearn/prairielearn /bin/bash
```

  ```

>   This will launch a shell inside a Docker container running the PrairieLearn image, but using the current working directory for its code. If you'd rather run the command from somewhere other than the root of the repo, replace `.` with the path to the directory in `.:/PrairieLearn`.

Reviewer: To account for the change to the command and these docs, you should remove line 41.

Author: I...didn't even see that line in the first place. Too far down! :)

>   If you get an error like `no matching manifest for linux/arm64/v8 in the manifest list entries` (if you're running for example on a recent Mac), then add `--platform linux/x86_64`.

Reviewer: Erring on the side of being explicit, since this won't work if you just tack it on after `/bin/bash`:

```suggestion
  If you're running on an Apple Silicon Mac or another ARM-based machine, you may get an error like `no matching manifest for linux/arm64/v8 in the manifest list entries`. To resolve this, add `--platform linux/x86_64` before the image in the command (`prairielearn/prairielearn`).
```
